i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\obj\Debug\BuddyCard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\BuddyCard.dll.config
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\BuddyCard.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\BuddyCard.pdb
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\EntityFramework.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Owin.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\WebGrease.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\EntityFramework.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\obj\Debug\BuddyCard.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\obj\Debug\BuddyCard.pdb
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\log4net.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\PayPalCoreSDK.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\RestApiSDK.dll
i:\users\vicky\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BuddyCard\BuddyCard\bin\log4net.xml
